README.md, before:

# NewTab-Chrome-Extention
A google chrome extension for customized new tab which displays a to-do list

Increase your productivity by adding to-do list right at your Newtab screen of your browser

Setps to load the extension:

Clone this repository or downlaod the zip file  
Open Google chrome and navigate to chrome://extensions/  
Enable Developer mode and you will be able to see Load Unpacked option  
Click on Load Unpacked and select the downloaded/cloned directory  

Following is the working demo of the New Tab extension
![working-demo](https://github.com/rohan-97/NewTab-Chrome-Extention/blob/master/to_do_list.gif)

## Steps for building extension

install npm on the system and navigate to the root directory of this project and execute following commands


1. Initialize the node modules using following command
```
npm install
```

2. Build the bundled files
```
npm run build
```

The first command should download all the dependencies under the node_modules directory

The second command should bundle all the scripts under dist directory on the top of project  

Naviagate to chrome and use following URL to access the [extension page](chrome://extensions)  

and hit load unpacked button and select the dist directory created inside this repository, your new tab should show the to-do list


## Some features added in Todo Queue
 - Associate tasks with priority
 - Associate tasks with deadline
 - Generate notes of task completed/incomplete on daily basis for tracking purpose
 - Allow dragging tasks up/down so that we can order tasks

Pull requests are always welcome :)

Commit message:

Linking to chrome web store

README.md, after:

# NewTab-Chrome-Extention
A google chrome extension for customized new tab which displays a to-do list

Increase your productivity by adding to-do list right at your Newtab screen of your browser

Setps to load the extension:

Clone this repository or downlaod the zip file  
Open Google chrome and navigate to chrome://extensions/  
Enable Developer mode and you will be able to see Load Unpacked option  
Click on Load Unpacked and select the downloaded/cloned directory  

Following is the working demo of the New Tab extension
![working-demo](https://github.com/rohan-97/NewTab-Chrome-Extention/blob/master/to_do_list.gif)

## Install directory from chrome web store

You can [click here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/todo-tracker/janilffnfjijnlakfjpaopbpadomhboh) to navigate to chrome web store where you can install this extension

## Steps for building extension

install npm on the system and navigate to the root directory of this project and execute following commands


1. Initialize the node modules using following command
```
npm install
```

2. Build the bundled files
```
npm run build
```

The first command should download all the dependencies under the node_modules directory

The second command should bundle all the scripts under dist directory on the top of project  

Naviagate to chrome and use following URL to access the [extension page](chrome://extensions)  

and hit load unpacked button and select the dist directory created inside this repository, your new tab should show the to-do list


## Some features added in Todo Queue
 - Associate tasks with priority
 - Associate tasks with deadline
 - Generate notes of task completed/incomplete on daily basis for tracking purpose
 - Allow dragging tasks up/down so that we can order tasks

Pull requests are always welcome :)
